What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates an empty repository adds .git folder to working directory.
	To initiate the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Working Directory <-> Staging Area <-> Repository
	We can say that Staging Area is intersection between Working Directory and 
	Repository. It holds files to be committed. It offers more flexibility.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Staging Area can help me to add only those files that I want. So, I can 
	commit only related files to current logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	For example, if you want to add new feature, but not sure if this feature
	is going to make it to release version. Thus you may want to keep it 
	separate.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams show overall structure of your repository. So, you see branches and
	commits in these branches. It show what is parent of each commit and etc.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	It's complicated. Let's simply say, the result of a merge is "sum" of 
	changes in merged branches/commits. The merge commit will have added content
	by any of merged commits, and will delete content which is in the original
	file and is deleted by any of the commits.
	
	We represent it in a graph as combined branches, because it's kind of 
	combining multiple branches. It let's us to better visualize the merge.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Pro: Automatic merging saves ton of time, doing merges manually takes
	a lot of time.
	
	Con: Manually merging gives you more flexibility, automatic merging could
	bring hidden problems. Maybe, there's not any physical conflict, but there
	is logical conflicts. In such situations, manually merging would serve best.